**Pro Version**
<br>
KeyTik Pro is a pro version of KeyTik: The All-in-One Automation Tool. KeyTik Pro is still in development progress. It will be updated from time to time. KeyTik Pro is available at Gumroad at $20 for lifetime purchase. If you like KeyTik, Please check out KeyTik Pro at: [https://fajarrahmadjaya.gumroad.com/l/keytik-pro](https://fajarrahmadjaya.gumroad.com/l/keytik-pro)

You will get more feature and early access to KeyTik Update. With purchasing KeyTik Pro, You also support the developer to keep working on KeyTik. First 10 purchase is 50% off, [Click here](https://fajarrahmadjaya.gumroad.com/l/keytik-pro/KeyTikPro) to get the discount. Get the discount before its gone!

**My Plan for the Pro Version**
<br>
- Additional UI for file openers.
<br>
- Additional UI for auto clicker.
<br>
- Additional UI for screen clicker.
<br>
- Full macro. Combining auto clicker, screen clicker, keyboard remap, files opener, in a single profile.
<br>
- Possibly AI integration.
<br>
- New automation tool, make specific program window always on top.
<br>
- New automation tool, OCR translator. Much like snipping tool but it will translate the chosen screen.
<br>
- New automation tool, easy window always on top. Make window in the cursor to always on top with one click or shortcut.
<br>
- New automation tool, window size changer. Change window size to full size, half screen vertical, half screen horizontal, quarter screen, with a single click or shortcut.
<br>
- Macro recording. Record any input and simulate it.
<br>
- Upcoming KeyTik update will be implemented on KeyTik Pro first. 


**Why You Choose Pro Version**
<br>
- Support the developer.
<br>
- More feature than the regular version.
<br>
- Get early access for the upcoming KeyTik update.
<br>
- Expect an evolving software. My goal for KeyTik Pro is software that covers or combines many tools at once.

**Auto Clicker**
<br>
- Shortcuts: What key to press to activate auto clicker.
<br>
- Click Interval: Interval between each click.
<br>
- Key to press (Mouse Button): What key to press for auto clicker (not just left click or right click but more keys on the keyboard such as all alphabet, shift, ctrl and more)
<br>
- Click type: How will the key press behave. Single click, Double Click, Hold.
<br>
- Click Location: Where click will pressed. Follow cursor, clicking on cursor. Fixed position, position on screen.
<br>
- Click Repeat: How long does the click will pressed. Infinite clicks, stop until it deactivates by shortcuts. Fixed count, click as much as the count specified.

**Easy Always on Top**
<br>
- Make the window where cursor is located always on top with a shortcut or click.
<br>
- Shortcuts or clicks can be changed by user.

**Window Size Changer**
- Change window size with shortcut or click.
<br>
- How window will be changed: Full, horizontal half top, horizontal half bottom, vertical half left, vertical half right, quarter top left, quarter top right, quarter bottom left, quarter bottom right, original position.
<br>
- The window size will be changed alternately with each click.
<br>
- Shortcuts or clicks can be changed by user.

**Multiple Files Opener**
<br>
- Using shortcuts to open multiple files.
<br>
- You can specify what files to open yourself without limit.